.TH "BoolSet" 3 "27 Nov 2005" "Version 1.0Betareleases" "InspIRCd" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
BoolSet \- BoolSet is a utility class designed to hold eight bools in a bitmask.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <base.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBoolSet\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThe default constructor initializes the BoolSet to all values unset. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBoolSet\fP (char bitmask)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis constructor copies the default bitmask from a char. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSet\fP (int number)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Set method sets one bool in the set. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBGet\fP (int number)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Get method returns the value of one bool in the set. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBUnset\fP (int number)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Unset method unsets one value in the set. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBInvert\fP (int number)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Unset method inverts (flips) one value in the set. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (\fBBoolSet\fP other)"
.br
.RI "\fICompare two BoolSets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBoolSet\fP \fBoperator|\fP (\fBBoolSet\fP other)"
.br
.RI "\fIOR two BoolSets together. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBoolSet\fP \fBoperator &\fP (\fBBoolSet\fP other)"
.br
.RI "\fIAND two BoolSets together. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator=\fP (\fBBoolSet\fP other)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssign one BoolSet to another. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBbits\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
BoolSet is a utility class designed to hold eight bools in a bitmask. 

Use \fBBoolSet::Set\fP and \fBBoolSet::Get\fP to set and get bools in the bitmask, and Unset and Invert for special operations upon them.
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file base.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "BoolSet::BoolSet ()"
.PP
The default constructor initializes the BoolSet to all values unset. 
.PP
.SS "BoolSet::BoolSet (char bitmask)"
.PP
This constructor copies the default bitmask from a char. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool BoolSet::Get (int number)"
.PP
The Get method returns the value of one bool in the set. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumber\fP The number of the item to retrieve. This must be between 0 and 7.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
True if the item is set, false if it is unset.
.RE
.PP

.SS "void BoolSet::Invert (int number)"
.PP
The Unset method inverts (flips) one value in the set. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumber\fP The number of the item to invert. This must be between 0 and 7.
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBBoolSet\fP BoolSet::operator & (\fBBoolSet\fP other)"
.PP
AND two BoolSets together. 
.PP
.SS "bool BoolSet::operator= (\fBBoolSet\fP other)"
.PP
Assign one BoolSet to another. 
.PP
.SS "bool BoolSet::operator== (\fBBoolSet\fP other)"
.PP
Compare two BoolSets. 
.PP
.SS "\fBBoolSet\fP BoolSet::operator| (\fBBoolSet\fP other)"
.PP
OR two BoolSets together. 
.PP
.SS "void BoolSet::Set (int number)"
.PP
The Set method sets one bool in the set. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumber\fP The number of the item to set. This must be between 0 and 7.
.RE
.PP

.SS "void BoolSet::Unset (int number)"
.PP
The Unset method unsets one value in the set. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumber\fP The number of the item to set. This must be between 0 and 7.
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char \fBBoolSet::bits\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file base.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for InspIRCd from the source code.
