.TH "channels.cpp" 3 "30 May 2005" "InspIRCd" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
channels.cpp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'inspircd_config.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'inspircd.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'inspircd_io.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'inspircd_util.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/errno.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/ioctl.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/utsname.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <time.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include <hash_map>\fP
.br
\fC#include <map>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <vector>\fP
.br
\fC#include <deque>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'connection.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'users.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'servers.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'ctables.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'globals.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'modules.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'dynamic.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'wildcard.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'message.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'mode.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'xline.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'inspstring.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'helperfuncs.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Namespaces"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBstd\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBnspace\fP   std"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBMODCOUNT\fP = -1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBModule\fP * > \fBmodules\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBircd_module\fP * > \fBfactory\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBLogLevel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBServerName\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBNetwork\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBServerDesc\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBAdminName\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBAdminEmail\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBAdminNick\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBdiepass\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBrestartpass\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBmotd\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBrules\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBlist\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBPrefixQuit\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBDieValue\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdebugging\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWHOWAS_STALE\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWHOWAS_MAX\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBDieDelay\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBstartup_time\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBNetBufferSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBMaxWhoResults\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBnb_start\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< std::string > \fBmodule_names\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBboundPortCount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBportCount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBSERVERportCount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBports\fP [MAXSOCKS]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdefaultRoute\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< long > \fBauth_cookies\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::stringstream \fBconfig_f\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBserverrec\fP * \fBme\fP [32]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "FILE * \fBlog_file\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBTIME\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBModeParameter\fP > \fBcustom_mode_params\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define nspace   std"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file channels.cpp.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char \fBAdminEmail\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "char \fBAdminName\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "char \fBAdminNick\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "std::vector<long> \fBauth_cookies\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "int \fBboundPortCount\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "std::stringstream \fBconfig_f\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by userrec::HasPermission().
.SS "std::vector<\fBModeParameter\fP> \fBcustom_mode_params\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 105 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by chanrec::GetModeParameter(), and chanrec::SetCustomModeParam().
.SS "int \fBdebugging\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "int \fBdefaultRoute\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "int \fBDieDelay\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "char \fBdiepass\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "char \fBDieValue\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "std::vector<\fBircd_module\fP*> factory"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "char \fBlist\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Server::GetUsers().
.SS "FILE* \fBlog_file\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "int \fBLogLevel\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "int \fBMaxWhoResults\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "\fBserverrec\fP* \fBme\fP[32]"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by IsRoutable().
.SS "int \fBMODCOUNT\fP = -1"
.PP
Definition at line 1019 of file modules.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Server::FindModule().
.SS "std::vector<std::string> \fBmodule_names\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Server::FindModule().
.SS "std::vector<\fBModule\fP*> modules"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Server::FindModule().
.SS "char \fBmotd\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "time_t \fBnb_start\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "int \fBNetBufferSize\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "char \fBNetwork\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "int \fBportCount\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "int \fBports\fP[MAXSOCKS]"
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "char \fBPrefixQuit\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "char \fBrestartpass\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "char \fBrules\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "char \fBServerDesc\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "char \fBServerName\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by userrec::userrec().
.SS "int \fBSERVERportCount\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "time_t \fBstartup_time\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "time_t \fBTIME\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 101 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by serverrec::FlushWriteBuffers(), serverrec::serverrec(), and userrec::userrec().
.SS "int \fBWHOWAS_MAX\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file channels.cpp.
.SS "int \fBWHOWAS_STALE\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file channels.cpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for InspIRCd from the source code.
