.TH "command_t" 3 "19 Dec 2005" "Version 1.0Betareleases" "InspIRCd" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
command_t \- A structure that defines a command.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <ctables.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBcmd_mode\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcommand_t\fP (\fBstd::string\fP cmd, char flags, int minpara)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBHandle\fP (char **parameters, int pcnt, \fBuserrec\fP *user)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~command_t\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstd::string\fP \fBcommand\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICommand name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBflags_needed\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUser flags needed to execute the command or 0. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmin_params\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMinimum number of parameters command takes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBuse_count\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIused by /stats m \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBtotal_bytes\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIused by /stats m \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstd::string\fP \fBsource\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIused for resource tracking between modules \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A structure that defines a command. 
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file ctables.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "command_t::command_t (\fBstd::string\fP cmd, char flags, int minpara)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file ctables.h.
.PP
References source, total_bytes, and use_count.
.PP
.nf
51                                                           : command(cmd), flags_needed(flags), min_params(minpara)
52         {
53                 use_count = total_bytes = 0;
54                 source = '<core>';
55         }
.fi
.PP
.SS "virtual command_t::~command_t ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file ctables.h.
.PP
.nf
59 {}
.fi
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void command_t::Handle (char ** parameters, int pcnt, \fBuserrec\fP * user)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implemented in \fBcmd_mode\fP.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBstd::string\fP \fBcommand_t::command\fP"
.PP
Command name. 
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file ctables.h.
.SS "char \fBcommand_t::flags_needed\fP"
.PP
User flags needed to execute the command or 0. 
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file ctables.h.
.SS "int \fBcommand_t::min_params\fP"
.PP
Minimum number of parameters command takes. 
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file ctables.h.
.SS "\fBstd::string\fP \fBcommand_t::source\fP"
.PP
used for resource tracking between modules 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file ctables.h.
.PP
Referenced by command_t().
.SS "long \fBcommand_t::total_bytes\fP"
.PP
used by /stats m 
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file ctables.h.
.PP
Referenced by command_t().
.SS "long \fBcommand_t::use_count\fP"
.PP
used by /stats m 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file ctables.h.
.PP
Referenced by command_t().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for InspIRCd from the source code.
