.TH "CullItem" 3 "15 Dec 2005" "Version 1.0Betareleases" "InspIRCd" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
CullItem \- The CullItem class holds a user and their quitmessage, and is used internally by the \fBCullList\fP class to compile a list of users which are to be culled when a long operation (such as a netsplit) has completed.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cull_list.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCullItem\fP (\fBuserrec\fP *u, \fBstd::string\fP r)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstrcutor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuserrec\fP * \fBGetUser\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a pointer to the user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstd::string\fP \fBGetReason\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the user's quit reason. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuserrec\fP * \fBuser\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHolds a pointer to the user, must be valid and can be a local or remote user. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstd::string\fP \fBreason\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHolds the quit reason to use for this user. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The CullItem class holds a user and their quitmessage, and is used internally by the \fBCullList\fP class to compile a list of users which are to be culled when a long operation (such as a netsplit) has completed. 
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file cull_list.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "CullItem::CullItem (\fBuserrec\fP * u, \fBstd::string\fP r)"
.PP
Constrcutor. 
.PP
Initializes the CullItem with a user pointer and their quit reason 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIu\fP The user to add 
.br
\fIr\fP The quit reason of the added user
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBstd::string\fP CullItem::GetReason ()"
.PP
Returns the user's quit reason. 
.PP
.SS "\fBuserrec\fP* CullItem::GetUser ()"
.PP
Returns a pointer to the user. 
.PP
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBstd::string\fP \fBCullItem::reason\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Holds the quit reason to use for this user. 
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file cull_list.h.
.SS "\fBuserrec\fP* \fBCullItem::user\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Holds a pointer to the user, must be valid and can be a local or remote user. 
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file cull_list.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for InspIRCd from the source code.
