.TH "FileReader" 3 "14 Dec 2005" "Version 1.0Betareleases" "InspIRCd" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
FileReader \- Caches a text file into memory and can be used to retrieve lines from it.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <modules.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBclassbase\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFileReader\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFileReader\fP (\fBstd::string\fP filename)"
.br
.RI "\fISecondary constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~FileReader\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBLoadFile\fP (\fBstd::string\fP filename)"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed to load a file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBExists\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns true if the file exists This function will return false if the file could not be opened. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstd::string\fP \fBGetLine\fP (int x)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieve one line from the file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBFileSize\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the size of the file in lines. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfile_cache\fP \fBfc\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Caches a text file into memory and can be used to retrieve lines from it. 

This class contains methods for read-only manipulation of a text file in memory. Either use the constructor type with one parameter to load a file into memory at construction, or use the LoadFile method to load a file.
.PP
Definition at line 1614 of file modules.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "FileReader::FileReader ()"
.PP
Default constructor. 
.PP
This method does not load any file into memory, you must use the LoadFile method after constructing the class this way.
.PP
Definition at line 889 of file modules.cpp.
.PP
.nf
890 {
891 }
.fi
.PP
.SS "FileReader::FileReader (\fBstd::string\fP filename)"
.PP
Secondary constructor. 
.PP
This method initialises the class with a file loaded into it ready for GetLine and and other methods to be called. If the file could not be loaded, \fBFileReader::FileSize\fP returns 0.
.PP
Definition at line 882 of file modules.cpp.
.PP
References fc.
.PP
.nf
883 {
884         file_cache c;
885         readfile(c,filename.c_str());
886         this->fc = c;
887 }
.fi
.PP
.SS "FileReader::~FileReader ()"
.PP
Default destructor. 
.PP
This deletes the memory allocated to the file.
.PP
Definition at line 901 of file modules.cpp.
.PP
.nf
902 {
903 }
.fi
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool FileReader::Exists ()"
.PP
Returns true if the file exists This function will return false if the file could not be opened. 
.PP
Definition at line 905 of file modules.cpp.
.PP
References fc.
.PP
.nf
906 {
907         if (fc.size() == 0)
908         {
909                 return(false);
910         }
911         else
912         {
913                 return(true);
914         }
915 }
.fi
.PP
.SS "int FileReader::FileSize ()"
.PP
Returns the size of the file in lines. 
.PP
This method returns the number of lines in the read file. If it is 0, no lines have been read into memory, either because the file is empty or it does not exist, or cannot be opened due to permission problems.
.PP
Definition at line 924 of file modules.cpp.
.PP
References fc.
.PP
.nf
925 {
926         return fc.size();
927 }
.fi
.PP
.SS "\fBstd::string\fP FileReader::GetLine (int x)"
.PP
Retrieve one line from the file. 
.PP
This method retrieves one line from the text file. If an empty non-NULL string is returned, the index was out of bounds, or the line had no data on it.
.PP
Definition at line 917 of file modules.cpp.
.PP
References fc.
.PP
.nf
918 {
919         if ((x<0) || ((unsigned)x>fc.size()))
920                 return '';
921         return fc[x];
922 }
.fi
.PP
.SS "void FileReader::LoadFile (\fBstd::string\fP filename)"
.PP
Used to load a file. 
.PP
This method loads a file into the class ready for GetLine and and other methods to be called. If the file could not be loaded, \fBFileReader::FileSize\fP returns 0.
.PP
Definition at line 893 of file modules.cpp.
.PP
References fc.
.PP
.nf
894 {
895         file_cache c;
896         readfile(c,filename.c_str());
897         this->fc = c;
898 }
.fi
.PP
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBfile_cache\fP \fBFileReader::fc\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 1616 of file modules.h.
.PP
Referenced by Exists(), FileReader(), FileSize(), GetLine(), and LoadFile().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for InspIRCd from the source code.
