.TH "irc::irc_char_traits" 3 "14 Dec 2005" "Version 1.0Betareleases" "InspIRCd" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
irc::irc_char_traits \- The \fBirc_char_traits\fP class is used for RFC-style comparison of strings.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <hashcomp.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBchar_traits< char >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBeq\fP (char c1st, char c2nd)"
.br
.RI "\fICheck if two chars match. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBne\fP (char c1st, char c2nd)"
.br
.RI "\fICheck if two chars do NOT match. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBlt\fP (char c1st, char c2nd)"
.br
.RI "\fICheck if one char is less than another. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBcompare\fP (const char *str1, const char *str2, size_t n)"
.br
.RI "\fICompare two strings of size n. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fBfind\fP (const char *s1, int n, char c)"
.br
.RI "\fIFind a char within a string up to position n. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The \fBirc_char_traits\fP class is used for RFC-style comparison of strings. 

This class is used to implement \fBirc::string\fP, a case-insensitive, RFC- comparing string class.
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file hashcomp.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static int irc::irc_char_traits::compare (const char * str1, const char * str2, size_t n)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Compare two strings of size n. 
.PP
.SS "static bool irc::irc_char_traits::eq (char c1st, char c2nd)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Check if two chars match. 
.PP
.SS "static const char* irc::irc_char_traits::find (const char * s1, int n, char c)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Find a char within a string up to position n. 
.PP
.SS "static bool irc::irc_char_traits::lt (char c1st, char c2nd)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Check if one char is less than another. 
.PP
.SS "static bool irc::irc_char_traits::ne (char c1st, char c2nd)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Check if two chars do NOT match. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for InspIRCd from the source code.
