.TH "users.h" 3 "7 May 2005" "InspIRCd" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
users.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'inspircd_config.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'channels.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'connection.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'inspstring.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br

.SS "Compounds"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBConnectClass\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHolds information relevent to <connect allow> and <connect deny> tags in the config file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBInvited\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHolds a channel name to which a user has been invited. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBuserrec\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHolds all information about a user This class stores all information about a user connected to the irc server. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSTATUS_OP\fP   4"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSTATUS_HOP\fP   2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSTATUS_VOICE\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSTATUS_NORMAL\fP   0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCC_ALLOW\fP   0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCC_DENY\fP   1"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef std::vector< \fBInvited\fP > \fBInvitedList\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHolds a complete list of all channels to which a user has been invited and has not yet joined. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef std::vector< \fBConnectClass\fP > \fBClassVector\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHolds a complete list of all allow and deny tags from the configuration file (connection classes). \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define CC_ALLOW   0"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file users.h.
.SS "#define CC_DENY   1"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file users.h.
.SS "#define STATUS_HOP   2"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file users.h.
.SS "#define STATUS_NORMAL   0"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file users.h.
.SS "#define STATUS_OP   4"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file users.h.
.SS "#define STATUS_VOICE   1"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file users.h.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef std::vector<\fBConnectClass\fP> \fBClassVector\fP"
.PP
Holds a complete list of all allow and deny tags from the configuration file (connection classes). Definition at line 90 of file users.h.
.SS "typedef std::vector<\fBInvited\fP> \fBInvitedList\fP"
.PP
Holds a complete list of all channels to which a user has been invited and has not yet joined. Definition at line 84 of file users.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for InspIRCd from the source code.
