.TH "XLine" 3 "15 May 2005" "InspIRCd" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XLine \- XLine is the base class for ban lines such as G lines and K lines.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <xline.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBclassbase\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBELine\fP, \fBGLine\fP, \fBKLine\fP, \fBQLine\fP, and \fBZLine\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBset_time\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe time the line was added. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBduration\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe duration of the ban, or 0 if permenant. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBsource\fP [256]"
.br
.RI "\fISource of the ban. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBreason\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.RI "\fIReason for the ban. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBn_matches\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of times the core matches the ban, for statistics. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
XLine is the base class for ban lines such as G lines and K lines. Definition at line 34 of file xline.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "long \fBXLine::duration\fP"
.PP
The duration of the ban, or 0 if permenant. Definition at line 44 of file xline.h.
.SS "long \fBXLine::n_matches\fP"
.PP
Number of times the core matches the ban, for statistics. Definition at line 56 of file xline.h.
.SS "char \fBXLine::reason\fP[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Reason for the ban. Definition at line 52 of file xline.h.
.SS "time_t \fBXLine::set_time\fP"
.PP
The time the line was added. Definition at line 40 of file xline.h.
.SS "char \fBXLine::source\fP[256]"
.PP
Source of the ban. This can be a servername or an oper nicknameDefinition at line 48 of file xline.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for InspIRCd from the source code.
