.TH "chanrec" 3 "30 Apr 2004" "InspIRCd" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
chanrec \- Holds all relevent information for a channel. 

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <channels.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBExtensible\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetCustomMode\fP (char mode, bool mode_on)"
.br
.RI "\fISets or unsets a custom mode in the channels info.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetCustomModeParam\fP (char mode, char *parameter, bool mode_on)"
.br
.RI "\fISets or unsets the parameters for a custom mode in a channels info.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsCustomModeSet\fP (char mode)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns true if a custom mode is set on a channel.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBGetModeParameter\fP (char mode)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the parameter for a custom mode on a channel.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBchanrec\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a channel record and initialises it with default values.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~chanrec\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBname\fP [CHANMAX]"
.br
.RI "\fIThe channels name.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBcustom_modes\fP [MAXMODES]"
.br
.RI "\fICustom modes for the channel.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBtopic\fP [MAXBUF]"
.br
.RI "\fIChannel topic.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBcreated\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICreation time.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBtopicset\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITime topic was set.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBsetby\fP [NICKMAX]"
.br
.RI "\fIThe last user to set the topic.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBlimit\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIContains the channel user limit.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBkey\fP [32]"
.br
.RI "\fIContains the channel key.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "short int \fBtopiclock\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINonzero if the mode +t is set.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "short int \fBnoexternal\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINonzero if the mode +n is set.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "short int \fBinviteonly\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINonzero if the mode +i is set.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "short int \fBmoderated\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINonzero if the mode +m is set.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "short int \fBsecret\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINonzero if the mode +s is set.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "short int \fBc_private\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINonzero if the mode +p is set.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBanList\fP \fBbans\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe list of all bans set on the channel.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Holds all relevent information for a channel.

This class represents a channel, and contains its name, modes, time created, topic, topic set time, etc, and an instance of the BanList type. 
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file channels.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "chanrec::chanrec ()"
.PP
Creates a channel record and initialises it with default values.Definition at line 12 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
References c_private, created, inviteonly, limit, moderated, noexternal, secret, topiclock, and topicset.
.PP
.nf
13 {
14         strcpy(name,'');
15         strcpy(custom_modes,'');
16         strcpy(topic,'');
17         strcpy(setby,'');
18         strcpy(key,'');
19         created = topicset = limit = 0;
20         topiclock = noexternal = inviteonly = moderated = secret = c_private = false;
21 }
.fi
.SS "virtual chanrec::~chanrec ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 174 of file channels.h.
.PP
.nf
174 { /* stub */ }
.fi
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::string chanrec::GetModeParameter (char mode)"
.PP
Returns the parameter for a custom mode on a channel.For example if '+L #foo' is set, and you pass this method 'L', it will return '#foo'. If the mode is not set on the channel, or the mode has no parameters associated with it, it will return an empty string.Definition at line 87 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
References custom_mode_params.
.PP
.nf
88 {
89         if (custom_mode_params.size())
90         {
91                 for (vector<ModeParameter>::iterator i = custom_mode_params.begin(); i < custom_mode_params.end(); i++)
92                 {
93                         if ((i->mode == mode) && (!strcasecmp(this->name,i->channel)))
94                         {
95                                 return std::string(i->parameter);
96                         }
97                 }
98         }
99         return std::string('');
100 }
.fi
.SS "bool chanrec::IsCustomModeSet (char mode)"
.PP
Returns true if a custom mode is set on a channel.Definition at line 81 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
.nf
82 {
83         log(DEBUG,'Checking ISCustomModeSet: %c %s',mode,this->custom_modes);
84         return (strchr(this->custom_modes,mode) != 0);
85 }
.fi
.SS "void chanrec::SetCustomMode (char mode, bool mode_on)"
.PP
Sets or unsets a custom mode in the channels info.Definition at line 23 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
References custom_modes, and SetCustomModeParam().
.PP
.nf
24 {
25         if (mode_on) {
26                 char m[3];
27                 m[0] = mode;
28                 m[1] = '\0';
29                 if (!strchr(this->custom_modes,mode))
30                 {
31                         strncat(custom_modes,m,MAXMODES);
32                 }
33                 log(DEBUG,'Custom mode %c set',mode);
34         }
35         else {
36                 char temp[MAXBUF];
37                 int count = 0;
38                 for (int q = 0; q < strlen(custom_modes); q++) {
39                         if (custom_modes[q] != mode) {
40                                 temp[count++] = mode;
41                         }
42                 }
43                 temp[count] = '\0';
44                 strncpy(custom_modes,temp,MAXMODES);
45                 log(DEBUG,'Custom mode %c removed',mode);
46                 this->SetCustomModeParam(mode,'',false);
47         }
48 }
.fi
.SS "void chanrec::SetCustomModeParam (char mode, char * parameter, bool mode_on)"
.PP
Sets or unsets the parameters for a custom mode in a channels info.Definition at line 50 of file channels.cpp.
.PP
References ModeParameter::channel, custom_mode_params, ModeParameter::mode, and ModeParameter::parameter.
.PP
Referenced by SetCustomMode().
.PP
.nf
51 {
52 
53         log(DEBUG,'SetCustomModeParam called');
54         ModeParameter M;
55         M.mode = mode;
56         strcpy(M.channel,this->name);
57         strcpy(M.parameter,parameter);
58         if (mode_on)
59         {
60                 log(DEBUG,'Custom mode parameter %c %s added',mode,parameter);
61                 custom_mode_params.push_back(M);
62         }
63         else
64         {
65                 if (custom_mode_params.size())
66                 {
67                         for (vector<ModeParameter>::iterator i = custom_mode_params.begin(); i < custom_mode_params.end(); i++)
68                         {
69                                 if ((i->mode == mode) && (!strcasecmp(this->name,i->channel)))
70                                 {
71                                         log(DEBUG,'Custom mode parameter %c %s removed',mode,parameter);
72                                         custom_mode_params.erase(i);
73                                         return;
74                                 }
75                         }
76                 }
77                 log(DEBUG,'*** BUG *** Attempt to remove non-existent mode parameter!');
78         }
79 }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBBanList\fP chanrec::bans"
.PP
The list of all bans set on the channel.Definition at line 148 of file channels.h.
.SS "short int chanrec::c_private"
.PP
Nonzero if the mode +p is set.This value cannot be set at the same time as \fBchanrec::secret\fPDefinition at line 144 of file channels.h.
.PP
Referenced by chanrec().
.SS "time_t chanrec::created"
.PP
Creation time.Definition at line 100 of file channels.h.
.PP
Referenced by chanrec().
.SS "char chanrec::custom_modes[MAXMODES]"
.PP
Custom modes for the channel.Plugins may use this field in any way they see fit.Definition at line 92 of file channels.h.
.PP
Referenced by SetCustomMode().
.SS "short int chanrec::inviteonly"
.PP
Nonzero if the mode +i is set.Definition at line 130 of file channels.h.
.PP
Referenced by chanrec().
.SS "char chanrec::key[32]"
.PP
Contains the channel key.If this value is an empty string, there is no channel key in place.Definition at line 118 of file channels.h.
.SS "long chanrec::limit"
.PP
Contains the channel user limit.If this value is zero, there is no limit in place.Definition at line 113 of file channels.h.
.PP
Referenced by chanrec().
.SS "short int chanrec::moderated"
.PP
Nonzero if the mode +m is set.Definition at line 134 of file channels.h.
.PP
Referenced by chanrec().
.SS "char chanrec::name[CHANMAX]"
.PP
The channels name.Definition at line 88 of file channels.h.
.SS "short int chanrec::noexternal"
.PP
Nonzero if the mode +n is set.Definition at line 126 of file channels.h.
.PP
Referenced by chanrec().
.SS "short int chanrec::secret"
.PP
Nonzero if the mode +s is set.This value cannot be set at the same time as \fBchanrec::c_private\fPDefinition at line 139 of file channels.h.
.PP
Referenced by chanrec().
.SS "char chanrec::setby[NICKMAX]"
.PP
The last user to set the topic.If this member is an empty string, no topic was ever set.Definition at line 108 of file channels.h.
.SS "char chanrec::topic[MAXBUF]"
.PP
Channel topic.If this is an empty string, no channel topic is set.Definition at line 97 of file channels.h.
.SS "short int chanrec::topiclock"
.PP
Nonzero if the mode +t is set.Definition at line 122 of file channels.h.
.PP
Referenced by chanrec().
.SS "time_t chanrec::topicset"
.PP
Time topic was set.If no topic was ever set, this will be equal to \fBchanrec::created\fPDefinition at line 104 of file channels.h.
.PP
Referenced by chanrec().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for InspIRCd from the source code.
